                             [interface]
Invoker                      Command
-------     --------->       -----------
                             execute()
=======                      ===========
                             |
Receiver                     ConcreteCommand
--------    <---------       ---------------
========                     ===============

============================================
           Command Pattern
============================================

The invoker class talks to the command
interface, and we have concrete
implementation of this interface. And the
concrete implementation delegates the work
to the receiver.

The invoker (sender) is decoupled with the
receiver this way , so the invoker talks to
the receiver without being aware of it.

Also, we are representing each request using
a command object. We can pass them around in
our code, we can pass them as arguments or
add them to a list. We can keep track of the
commands that have been executed, and replay
them or undo them. We can also store tracked
commands in a database and execute them in
the future.

I'll usually just pass functions as
callbacks when they are needed but maybe we
can consider passing objects that
encapulate those functions and probably with
other properties sometimes.

And also, since we don't call the Receiver
directly and use a concrete class of an
interface instead, it can make some of the
public methods of Receiver invisible to a
command. A command just provides a view of
the Receiver and the Receiver can have more
methods for other interfaces.
